docs/ikov/store.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Store

You can purchase various items from our [Store](https://ikov.io).

### Tokens

Tokens are the currency which is used to buy items. Tokens are gained from claiming $ Scrolls.

### Scrolls

![$10 Scroll](https://ikov.io/assets/img/store/100-tokens-7aaad6b6d93fa3270d436694972abb96.png)
![$50 Scroll](https://ikov.io/assets/img/store/550-tokens-68f6bfac38978e3f65b45fb8861736cc.png)
![$120 Scroll](https://ikov.io/assets/img/store/1250-tokens-92a20446e95bc91b288ad5ee02d8ed8c.png)

Scrolls are purchased at [Store Scrolls](https://ikov.io/store/scrolls/). Scroll's can be redeemed in-game for both Tokens as detailed above and also the scroll value towards your player Donator Rank. Scrolls are not automaticaly redeemed upon purchase and you have the choice to do what you like with them, either sell to other players, gamble or redeem. 

- $10 Scrol = 100 Tokens
- $50 Scroll = 550 Tokens
- $120 Scroll = 1350 Tokens

### Donator Ranks

Donator ranks are non tranferable and can only be gained from claiming $ Scrolls.

- $10 Regular Donator
    - An exclusive red icon next to your name.
    - Access to an exclusive Donator Zone. (::dzone)
    - Ability to set home location to the Donator zone.
    - 5% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 10% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - 1 extra point when spotting a Penguin.
    - An exclusive Evil tree spawn inside the Donator Zone.
    - An exclusive Shooting star spawn inside the Donator Zone.
    - 2 extra Pest Control points.
    - 5% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 5 extra Preset slots.
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 3% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 35 minutes.
    - 25% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 110 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - 1 extra Town Board Task slot.
    - 5% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 10% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 30 seconds.
    - 2 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 100 additional bank spaces (600 total)
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 20.
    - 10% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 10% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
- $50 Super Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive blue icon next to your name.
    - 10% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 20% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - Removes random event from Evil trees.
    - 4 extra Pest Control points.
    - 10% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - Burnt pages obtained by Firemaking will automatically be placed into your inventory.
    - 10 extra Preset slots.
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 6% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 30 minutes.
    - 50% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 100 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - Bird nests’ obtained by Woodcutting will automatically be placed into your inventory.
    - 10% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - Extra PvP Blacklist slots.
    - 20% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 15 seconds.
    - 4 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 300 additional bank spaces (800 total)
    - Access to an exclusive gem mine located below Shilo Village.
    - Chance at keeping your frozen key when entering Nex’s lair.
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 15.
    - 20% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 15% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
- $250 Extreme Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator & Super Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive green icon next to your name.
    - Access to an exclusive Donator Zone. (::ezone)
    - 15% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 30% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - 2 extra points when spotting a Penguin.
    - 6 extra Pest Control points.
    - Access to an exclusive minigame Rune Sudoku.
    - 15% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 15 extra Preset slots.
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Ability to build Restoration/Rejuvenation pools inside your POH.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 9% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 25 minutes.
    - 75% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 80 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - 2 extra Town Board Task slots.
    - 15% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 30% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 5 seconds.
    - 6 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 500 additional bank spaces (1000 total)
    - Access to a Restoration pool located in the Donator Zone. (::ezone)
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 10.
    - 30% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 20% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - Prayer Altar found in (::ezone) can be used as a Gilded Altar.
    - Flasks inside the Donator shop located in (::ezone) are reduced by 35%.
    - Access to an exclusive Skilling zone.
    - Ability to auto-insure pets. (out of wilderness)
- $1000 Legendary Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator, Super Donator & Extreme Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive purple icon next to your name.
    - 30% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 40% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - 3 extra points when spotting a Penguin.
    - Ability to see global announcements when the next Shooting Star will spawn.
    - Ability to see global announcements when an Evil Tree spawns.
    - Receive noted bars when training in the Blast Furnace.
    - 8 extra Pest Control points.
    - 20% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 20 extra Preset slots.
    - 5% increased experience when training inside of the Extreme Donator Zone (::ezone)
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - 30% chance to receive extra cooked food whilst training Cooking.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 12% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 25 minutes.
    - 10% chance to receive fish whilst training Fishing.
    - 30% chance to receive an extra potion whilst training Herblore.
    - 50% chance to receive extra rewards whilst training Hunter.
    - 50% chance to receive an extra Birds’ nest when emptying Bird Houses.
    - An extra bit of stardust when mining the Shooting Star.
    - 100% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 60 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - 3 extra Town Board Task slots.
    - 20% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 40% increased PK Points.
    - Removes the requirement for needing bait, when hunting for Grenwalls.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 5 seconds.
    - An exclusive command to teleport directly to spawned Evil Trees. (::eviltree)
    - An exclusive command to teleport directly to crashed Shooting Stars. (::star)
    - An exclusive command to see when the next Shooting Star will crash. (::nextstar)
    - An exclusive command to see Grifolaroo location/next spawn time . (::grif)
    - An exclusive command to see Wildy Wyrm next spawn time. (::wyrm)
    - 8 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 800 additional bank spaces (1300 total)
    - POS Tax lowered from 5% to 3.5%.
    - Ability to set custom yell tags for 50m.
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 5.
    - 40% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 25% discount when repairing broken Barrows/Nex gear at Bob.
    - 25% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - 25% chance to receive a full crystal key as a drop from monsters.
- $5000 Uber Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator, Super Donator,  Extreme Donator & Legendary Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive yellow icon next to your name.
    - Access to an exclusive Donator Zone. (::uzone)
    - 50% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - Custom yell tag cost reduced by half.
    - 1/25 chance to use the Imbued ROW effect.
    - 60% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - Tokkul drop amounts are doubled.
    - 10 extra Pest Control points.
    - 25% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 10% chance to burn an extra log whilst training Firemaking.
    - 20% experience boost whilst training inside the Donator Zone. (::uzone)
    - Increased experience when changing Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 15% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - ALWAYS receive double fish whilst training Fishing.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 15 minutes.
    - Receive 2 extra bits of stardust when mining the Shooting Star.
    - 150% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 30 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - Smithing item speed is increased whilst training inside the Donator Zone. (::uzone)
    - 25% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 50% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) without a cooldown.
    - Ability to create a Lizard Shaman instance (via instanced tokens) without the need of a Lizardman Shaman tablet.
    - 10 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 1300 additional bank spaces (1800 total)
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 0.
    - 50% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 30% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - Prayer Altar found in (::uzone) can be used as a Gilded Altar.
    - POS Tax lowered from 5% to 2%.
    - Access to the Portal Nexus, inside the Donator Zone (::uzone) which can teleport you to various locations without requirements.
    - Access to exclusive daily rewards which can be obtained via ‘A strange courier’ inside the Donator Zone (::uzone)
    - Effigie drop rates are halved from every monster.

Commit message:

Adds donator icons to the store page.

docs/ikov/store.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Store

You can purchase various items from our [Store](https://ikov.io).

### Tokens

Tokens are the currency which is used to buy items. Tokens are gained from claiming $ Scrolls.

### Scrolls

![$10 Scroll](https://ikov.io/assets/img/store/100-tokens-7aaad6b6d93fa3270d436694972abb96.png)
![$50 Scroll](https://ikov.io/assets/img/store/550-tokens-68f6bfac38978e3f65b45fb8861736cc.png)
![$120 Scroll](https://ikov.io/assets/img/store/1250-tokens-92a20446e95bc91b288ad5ee02d8ed8c.png)

Scrolls are purchased at [Store Scrolls](https://ikov.io/store/scrolls/). Scroll's can be redeemed in-game for both Tokens as detailed above and also the scroll value towards your player Donator Rank. Scrolls are not automaticaly redeemed upon purchase and you have the choice to do what you like with them, either sell to other players, gamble or redeem. 

- $10 Scrol = 100 Tokens
- $50 Scroll = 550 Tokens
- $120 Scroll = 1350 Tokens

### Donator Ranks

Donator ranks are non tranferable and can only be gained from claiming $ Scrolls.

- $10 Regular Donator
    - An exclusive red icon(![Donator Rank](/img/donator.png)) next to your name.
    - Access to an exclusive Donator Zone. (::dzone)
    - Ability to set home location to the Donator zone.
    - 5% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 10% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - 1 extra point when spotting a Penguin.
    - An exclusive Evil tree spawn inside the Donator Zone.
    - An exclusive Shooting star spawn inside the Donator Zone.
    - 2 extra Pest Control points.
    - 5% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 5 extra Preset slots.
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 3% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 35 minutes.
    - 25% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 110 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - 1 extra Town Board Task slot.
    - 5% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 10% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 30 seconds.
    - 2 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 100 additional bank spaces (600 total)
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 20.
    - 10% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 10% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
- $50 Super Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive blue icon(![Super Donator Rank](/img/super_donator.png)) next to your name.
    - 10% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 20% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - Removes random event from Evil trees.
    - 4 extra Pest Control points.
    - 10% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - Burnt pages obtained by Firemaking will automatically be placed into your inventory.
    - 10 extra Preset slots.
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 6% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 30 minutes.
    - 50% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 100 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - Bird nests’ obtained by Woodcutting will automatically be placed into your inventory.
    - 10% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - Extra PvP Blacklist slots.
    - 20% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 15 seconds.
    - 4 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 300 additional bank spaces (800 total)
    - Access to an exclusive gem mine located below Shilo Village.
    - Chance at keeping your frozen key when entering Nex’s lair.
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 15.
    - 20% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 15% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
- $250 Extreme Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator & Super Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive green icon(![Extreme Donator Rank](/img/extreme_donator.png)) next to your name.
    - Access to an exclusive Donator Zone. (::ezone)
    - 15% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 30% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - 2 extra points when spotting a Penguin.
    - 6 extra Pest Control points.
    - Access to an exclusive minigame Rune Sudoku.
    - 15% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 15 extra Preset slots.
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Ability to build Restoration/Rejuvenation pools inside your POH.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 9% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 25 minutes.
    - 75% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 80 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - 2 extra Town Board Task slots.
    - 15% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 30% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 5 seconds.
    - 6 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 500 additional bank spaces (1000 total)
    - Access to a Restoration pool located in the Donator Zone. (::ezone)
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 10.
    - 30% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 20% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - Prayer Altar found in (::ezone) can be used as a Gilded Altar.
    - Flasks inside the Donator shop located in (::ezone) are reduced by 35%.
    - Access to an exclusive Skilling zone.
    - Ability to auto-insure pets. (out of wilderness)
- $1000 Legendary Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator, Super Donator & Extreme Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive purple icon(![Legendary Donator Rank](/img/legendary_donator.png)) next to your name.
    - 30% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - 40% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - 3 extra points when spotting a Penguin.
    - Ability to see global announcements when the next Shooting Star will spawn.
    - Ability to see global announcements when an Evil Tree spawns.
    - Receive noted bars when training in the Blast Furnace.
    - 8 extra Pest Control points.
    - 20% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 20 extra Preset slots.
    - 5% increased experience when training inside of the Extreme Donator Zone (::ezone)
    - Increased experience when exchanging Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - 30% chance to receive extra cooked food whilst training Cooking.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 12% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 25 minutes.
    - 10% chance to receive fish whilst training Fishing.
    - 30% chance to receive an extra potion whilst training Herblore.
    - 50% chance to receive extra rewards whilst training Hunter.
    - 50% chance to receive an extra Birds’ nest when emptying Bird Houses.
    - An extra bit of stardust when mining the Shooting Star.
    - 100% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 60 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - 3 extra Town Board Task slots.
    - 20% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 40% increased PK Points.
    - Removes the requirement for needing bait, when hunting for Grenwalls.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) every 5 seconds.
    - An exclusive command to teleport directly to spawned Evil Trees. (::eviltree)
    - An exclusive command to teleport directly to crashed Shooting Stars. (::star)
    - An exclusive command to see when the next Shooting Star will crash. (::nextstar)
    - An exclusive command to see Grifolaroo location/next spawn time . (::grif)
    - An exclusive command to see Wildy Wyrm next spawn time. (::wyrm)
    - 8 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 800 additional bank spaces (1300 total)
    - POS Tax lowered from 5% to 3.5%.
    - Ability to set custom yell tags for 50m.
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 5.
    - 40% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 25% discount when repairing broken Barrows/Nex gear at Bob.
    - 25% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - 25% chance to receive a full crystal key as a drop from monsters.
- $5000 Uber Donator
    - All of the Regular Donator, Super Donator,  Extreme Donator & Legendary Donator benefits.
    - An exclusive yellow icon(![Uber Donator Rank](/img/uber_donator.png)) next to your name.
    - Access to an exclusive Donator Zone. (::uzone)
    - 50% chance to receive an extra Voting token.
    - Custom yell tag cost reduced by half.
    - 1/25 chance to use the Imbued ROW effect.
    - 60% chance to receive an extra summoning charm (Whilst equipping a ROW).
    - Tokkul drop amounts are doubled.
    - 10 extra Pest Control points.
    - 25% experience boost at Tears of Guthix.
    - 10% chance to burn an extra log whilst training Firemaking.
    - 20% experience boost whilst training inside the Donator Zone. (::uzone)
    - Increased experience when changing Agility tickets.
    - Increased chance at receiving a Mark of grace.
    - Decreased chance at burning food.
    - 15% increased experience when training Dungeoneering.
    - ALWAYS receive double fish whilst training Fishing.
    - Decreased time for a Birdhouse to be emptied from 40 to 15 minutes.
    - Receive 2 extra bits of stardust when mining the Shooting Star.
    - 150% increased rune amount when training Runecrafting.
    - Free Slayer Task reset every 30 minutes instead of 120 minutes.
    - Smithing item speed is increased whilst training inside the Donator Zone. (::uzone)
    - 25% increased clue scroll drop rate.
    - 50% increased PK Points.
    - Ability to use global chat (::yell) without a cooldown.
    - Ability to create a Lizard Shaman instance (via instanced tokens) without the need of a Lizardman Shaman tablet.
    - 10 free Clue Scroll skips daily.
    - 1300 additional bank spaces (1800 total)
    - Decreased cost when decanting potions.
    - Lowered GWD KC requirement from 25 to 0.
    - 50% increased experience when using an effigy/lamp.
    - 30% chance to obtain extra rewards when opening the Crystal Chest.
    - Prayer Altar found in (::uzone) can be used as a Gilded Altar.
    - POS Tax lowered from 5% to 2%.
    - Access to the Portal Nexus, inside the Donator Zone (::uzone) which can teleport you to various locations without requirements.
    - Access to exclusive daily rewards which can be obtained via ‘A strange courier’ inside the Donator Zone (::uzone)
    - Effigie drop rates are halved from every monster.
